Fix visual bug in PaymentSheet after dismissing sheet (#3046)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## X.Y.Z 2023-y-z
### PaymentSheet

> * [Fixed] Visual bug when re-presenting payment sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Visual bug where re-presenting PaymentSheet wouldn't show a spinner while it reloads.
```

feel free to modify as you see fit
